to
[Music]
T
Oh
[Music]
and
[Music] [Music] [Music]
[Music]
hey let's go
[Applause]
I thought that loving no longer existed that
kisses are given away on any
corner I who thought it was just a
game but I look at you that I'm dying to have you
what hair what hair I have today eh investing
my life in
exciting you and I
[Music]
the game time that was [
Music]
lost and I ask Each day that you be my
guide until the last kiss that is after
Thank you beautiful princess and I ask
each and always to be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me
[Music]
if the world separates I'll stay with you
if tomorrow doesn't dawn I'll stay with you if
you want me to stay I'll stay
with you because things matter to me and
when I smile I turn around and
I'm with you with
you investing my life nor in
exciting you and
[Music]
I will win the game  the time that was
lost and I ask Every day that you be my
guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to
this road and I ask every
day to be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have
you in
front of me what hair man what hair But
why do I have hair [ __ ] I don't know what I have
today eh I'm going to shave eh I'm going to shave eh It's
going to happen to me like with the beard and I'm going
to shave
[Music]
eh the one
with which it was
[Music]
lost and I ask Every day that your soul be
my guide until the last kiss that bids farewell to this
road and I ask every day to always be able to
love you waiting for the moment to have you in
front of me it's this music that you like
eh Because it's that I played you
some very lively music before And well, it did
n't seem right to you, it didn't
seem right to you What's up How are you Well
first of all send a kiss to
my little girl if she sees us send her a
big kiss because come on my goodness what I found
out yesterday I found out at so late that her
little dog had died he
has died  the little dog and the little dog were
only a couple of years old if I'm not
mistaken three Javi you look different Yes it is
that I shaved my beard the truth is
that I don't like it we were already talking about it okay We
were already giving our opinions But well the
beard what it has is that in a few
days Well it's back no surely
for tomorrow Ho will be Nancy a kiss
sweetheart a kiss I love you so much Hey
four live shows that we did yesterday all
day four live shows and all a success
eh we were in the afternoon until hour
we were at the salsería at the salsería
it was a resounding success 9,000 viewers
then after the gym I came over
here resounding success 4 or 5000 viewers
on the main channel we went with
trium 6500 viewers and then at the
salsería which I don't remember if it was 3500
4000 I don't remember the truth But well
the truth is that well Yesterday was a
successful day for the live shows and
honestly today I wanted to connect
with you live now this little while
before  go to the gym to
react to a couple of things or three, okay,
whatever I have time for, but at night I have,
well, I've got a date with
Elena to do a live stream, what I don't know
are the topics yet because then I have to
go and get shaved, boy, and I don't know, you
have to help me, okay, let's watch the
video and the Trium bomb that told
a bomb over here has a clarification
over here something from Joaquín Campo, okay, and let's
see. This, okay, Yuji's new car, let's
see, new car two or three
months ago. But anyway, it's related to
what we've been talking about, at least I
consider it. What a good car, already bought,
Francu is here. Listen to me, eh, let's see
some things, okay, what I said,
mmm, I don't know how I could, I don't know how we
could do it, but I think I'm going to
open another
Twitter group. María, a kiss,
eh, I think I'm going to open another
Twitter group for gentlemen, eh. Because I don't
know why people don't write in
that group anymore, it died, they got involved there,
each trying to be in the spotlight, and
the group ended up dying, and it's been a year
or two there  Nobody writes and the
group is so that
the news of the day can be shared there and help me so that
I'm going to open live at night
and I say damn Well look so that I don't
forget any topic okay then I have
thoughts of opening another group okay I don't
know who I'll put in I don't know how I'll
select the people But it would be
good it would be good if today
and it would be good if today I threw a on
Twitter I don't know how man the truth is I don't know
where to put you eh I don't know how I don't know
how the truth because I would like to
do Well I met up with Alena she did
a live show but I have no idea
what topics are on okay about gossip or
whatever Okay then I'll see I'll see we'll
see if we can talk about something about
La Pandilla basurilla eh or I'll see
if and yeah why talk there it was very
bad yes yes it was very bad the group was
good it was that it was
How do you
say an entrance to the sect not an
entrance to the sixth and there they talked about
forbidden things okay family I'm telling you
today trium like he told us yesterday and
promised us in the live show that we did on the
channel  main uploaded an exclusive an
exclusive bomb triu didn't sell it like it
would be very very strong and I don't know if it
was like that okay So let's watch the
video because I haven't been able to see it Yesterday I
went to bed late in the end I got involved in the
salsería eh I got involved in the salsería the
truth eh I didn't want to get into
the salsería last night after the
main video because in the end I would end up
answering the cuckold of Ricky
Eddie okay the pet of gref and
several other youtubers and and I got involved I got involved I got involved
And I answered him okay I got involved I got involved I got involved
And I answered him and in the end well I
recorded there the the answer no that will be
for the main channel and the video or rather
direct from yesterday from the
salsería is for members until
until the video is edited for the
Main Channel because if not it doesn't make
sense Well let's watch the video
Daniel Sancho Thai police open
proceedings against Daniel Sancho's defense
okay I don't know why trium puts him in for
questioning when he's going to talk about some
documentation he has let's go  let's see it
Good morning and welcome to a new
video as I promised Yesterday today I bring you
some information that comes to me
from Thailand, information that comes
directly from the authorities,
Ricky tarantul is very angry, my goodness, I just
woke up and I saw a
click that they sent me that it wasn't that it
wasn't that we didn't see it yesterday it was a click
that no what we didn't see it yesterday
and and the guy puts me to answer his
racism an edit an edit and also a
very disgusting edit By the way, okay,
Thai women
and that could raise blisters, could
raise blisters because it is something very
delicate and somewhat complicated You will
understand when you see the document or
part of the document the caution that must be taken
when making this
information I must say before putting
said document that it is an opening of
proceedings or what appears to be an
opening of proceedings by the
Thai police I must also say
that I have sent an email, I have
tried to contact the
Thai police to
deny it or confirm it to me
Thai police remain
silent man I have my
doubts that the police will respond
to a Spanish media outlet, they won't stop to tell them
one thing, it's a document that is
supposed to be private, they don't tell me
either. Thai sources, which is
normal, that said police never, eh,
neither confirm nor deny their
police investigations, therefore they are
not going to respond to that email,
probably I have the
Spanish police call me but from time to time
to see if I had a good snack, if I had a good
breakfast, you know, if I took the
dog out quietly, if a neighbor bothered me,
in case anyone wants to at some
point, well, know if I did it or not,
or if I sent or didn't send an email
to get in touch with
them.
In addition, I want to tell you that I have
contacted the person involved in
said diligence
and I have spoken with her, with this
person, a cordial call, we
spoke cordially, I told him, look,
this is happening, I have this document in my
possession, I don't know if you have proof, they
told me no, I have told him, I am going to
publish said
information, I am not going to give your name,
logically I cannot give it nor do I want to
give it because  It's something that that
person must find out whether or not this is
against them, I
've told them. Look, I have this information
in my possession, it's a file
opened in your name with the
Thai police. Be careful, apart from trying to
corroborate whether you were aware of it. Well,
if you don't know, I'll
let you know. No. Not only because
of whether or not I was aware of this
file, but also because of the
fact that if I wasn't aware and
this file is really still
open, I could have some problem if I
travel to Thailand. No, then in addition
to having the courtesy to inform you and
tell you, look, I have this document,
can you corroborate it? Can't you
corroborate it? I also wanted to have the
courtesy to warn you. Just in case it
could cause you some problem, as I
told this person on the
phone, on a professional level, that's what
I criticize, but on a personal level, I do
n't have anything against
anyone. Well, let's see, okay, let's see, Trium here. Of
course, what Trium criticizes on a professional level
is either the four journalists
with whom he has been fighting
these days.
Okay, or or  those of Daniel Sancho no I
mean there is Balfagón and Montes and him and that's it and
Rodolfo no but he doesn't
criticize Rodolfo in a professional manner although
I criticize in a professional manner but
personally I have nothing with them.
So I understand that either one of
these puppets on TV or
one of those from Daniel's defense there
is no more to comment that I have
told him do you want me to say something when I
publish it he told me say that for me
the documentation is totally false the document is
totally false I am going to
make my inquiries at the
consular level and so on to me I have not been
notified So I have told him
Look it is clear if there are preliminary proceedings, I don't
know if there are preliminary proceedings they
will not notify you from the beginning of August, I don't know how
long this type of
issues takes, also if it is an
investigation to be notified via
Thailand Spain I don't know the real time no how long it would
take the Thai police or in
this case the I suppose the prosecutor's office or the
Samui court because from Cos Samui
from where does this start
procedure how long would it take to
give you the report or to give you
knowledge But just in case I'll
send it to you if it's real you're already there I've
put you on notice that I think it's the
least that has to be done with
people not always and as long as uh you try
not to harm anyone and if it's not real
Well then let him know that there is a document
circulating in which HM they are
starting an investigation And this is not
from Spain I mean this
document did not come from a
Spanish source this document did not come from
a Spanish department this document did
not come from a Spanish office or
from a uh a Spanish journalist or from
anyone here in Spain this document
comes expressly from Thailand and it comes
expressly with another series of
official documents I mean I mean there is
a document that is circulating or
has circulated and the veracity or not of the
same Well,
the person involved in said document will have to verify it
basically because I know that that person or
those people who appear in the
document or whoever appears in the document
have to travel to
Thailand to watch the puppets on TV they
don't have to travel to  Thailand
well did some journalist Yes I could No yes I
could no let's see the clues that
Trium is giving, I criticize them
professionally but personally I don't
know that you have to travel to Thailand so be
careful
Sancho's lawyers or any
reporter who goes to the door of the
court, I mean there are no more either
and here there are not many more options
let's see here there are four people and Well
then they have there A start of diligence
That I repeat again it may be real it may not
be real but it comes from Thailand
I'm going to put what I can put the
document would be this one I have it pixelated
because logically I don't want to
reveal secrets or say anything beyond
what can be said the document is
139 opening of investigation
by the
police the real Thai police
okay let's go with what's truly
important the document is addressed to
a person I have
removed his name this person sa Who
is spoken to this person and it says
Why remove the name But put it
but for but then
the
bomb has already been punctured he has been immersed in the defense
of the accused Daniel Sancho García Monte
what the [ __ ] am I telling you man Why don't you say
the name but  let's see, he has been
involved in the defense of the accused
Daniel Sancho,
isn't it even Balfagón because you're
speaking in the masculine, that is, the role, I
say such and such, he has been involved in the
defense of the accused Daniel Sancho,
therefore having access to the
files. Well, let's see, it could be the
lawyer there, but of course it
couldn't be the lawyer there because Tri
is saying that he has to travel to
Thailand, the lawyer there is there,
manipulating the aforementioned data with an exculpatory zeal,
the official reality reflected in the
investigation and with economic benefit
from
it, but well, here he is telling you
that it is García
Montes. Who is another option,
tarantula? Let's see, he has been
involved in the defense of the accused,
therefore he has access to the files.
García Montes. Carmen Balfagón or the
son of García
Monte, okay, manipulating data, eh, blaming
his client on television, only García
Monte goes, there is no more, okay. And that he has to
travel to Thailand and that Triun
criticizes him professionally, he is talking
about García Monte, but I don't know, I would say the
name, but let's see, I would say the name if
this is real. What problem do you have? What do you have? What do you have?  It's
going to give you no problem
dude, this doesn't give you any problem if
this is real,
the chipi ras no Ah well, the chipi is that one,
no chipi this whatever his
name is, chipi doesn't go on TV either,
no, the chipi That one doesn't go on TV either,
no and with financial benefit from
it, such person has been involved in
the defense of the accused Daniel Sancho,
therefore having access to the
files, manipulating the aforementioned
data with an exculpatory zeal of his
client without taking into consideration the
official reality. Yes, yes,
whoever wants to can report, another thing is that
the investigation is reflected and with
financial benefit, that is one of the
parts here, several parts, I'm going to
put two of them today, there are some that are more
serious than others, at least those
that begin the diligence, I'm
not going to put the last one because it seems
extremely serious to me,
eh. And I don't want to give rise to that
specific part. But how could it not
be? But how could the other part not tell,
or I know
better than the person involved to find out
if that is true, that it is just the last
line, or rather, the last lines are the
last  an accusation that I would say is
the most serious of those being investigated
and refers to a complaint provided
that there is a previous one. But well, I'm not going to
put it today because I think that
the person involved should be given the opportunity to
find out via a consulate or whatever if they
really
are but it has been tapped but it has been
tapped the bomb has been tapped javit
triun has sought legal advice he
will have his reasons to say it now, now,
but the bomb has been tapped it has been
tapped or so it is clear let's see, we have a
person from Daniel Sancho's defense
who appears on television charging and
lying and who has to travel to
Thailand soon and who in addition
trium usually criticizes him professionally
and at the moment he is being accused of
manipulating
data and of something else stronger and more
delicate that trium does not dare to say
well these investigations and
inquiries against them do not say this
person has also questioned
distorted the facts the accusations
made by the prosecutor's office in the case of the
murder of Dr. Edwin Arrieta in the
kingdom of Thailand, well they are
police actions against a specific person,
I do not  I know if there will be one against the rest of the
people This is against one in particular
for what it says there some other things
but specifically for what it says there for
having manipulated the information, for
having distorted both the
information in the police report and the
information from the
prosecution. I repeat again, it is
very sensitive information. The first thing I have
done is try to corroborate it
from all parties. I have sent an email to
the Royal Thai Police, I have spoken
to lawyers, I have informed myself and I have also
had the difference. I repeat again,
first of sending a WhatsApp to the
person involved, then that person
called me, we had a
cordial, friendly telephone conversation.
I told him. Look, I have nothing
against you on a personal level, this is a
professional matter. I have this documentation, I am
going to make it public, I am not going to put your
name.
Eh, and simply. Well, I am bringing it
to your attention, as I already said at the
beginning of the video, I will not repeat again,
it is an opening of proceedings against
this person. I do not know the path
that this may have. I do not know if this is
yes. Well, of course, this is an opening of
proceedings, it may have a path later or
not. We will see, but come on, this is
strong fabric  What happens is that of
course we cannot
know. Well, I would say if this opening
of the diligence is still standing, if it could
cause any problems when said
person arrives in Thailand or not, if it
really was an initiation of diligence,
if it has been something that has been from
Thailand, I cannot say that, the
only thing I can say is that it is a
document that arrives from Thailand and
that has
reached me, I repeat, I have had the
courtesy to bring it to the attention of
the person involved, I have spoken with this
person and we have had a conversation
with him, I told him I am going to publish it and he
told me, for my part, you can say that it
is false, I have no information on
this, it may be
false, I should have been notified. And
then when I told him the truth,
that it is from very recently, I imagine
that it is not the time it takes to
notify something that arises from a
Thai police investigation, then
to a specific person here in Spain, I do not
know how the times are, it is of no use, if it is
a person from Spain, they cannot
notify them, how are they going to notify them, the only thing that is
true, man, if an
arrest warrant or something is issued for them  the style Of
course the moment I step on
Thailand eh When you go when you
Enter and exit Thailand well in
Spain no it doesn't sound familiar to me at least
the truth is that I don't know why within
Spain I don't usually travel by plane the
truth is the last time I went by plane I
went to Barcelona and I say no longer I don't
take a plane anymore unless it's something Let's say unless it's
something that I can't do
with the car you know but in
Thailand for example yes eh When
you enter and exit they take the photo of you
entering and leaving everything everything goes
and in Spain inside inside the
airports it doesn't sound familiar to me the truth is no it's
that I tell you It's been a long time since
I traveled by plane within
Spain but for example to France yes I have
gone to London yes I have gone recently
m and the issue of the photo doesn't
sound familiar to me I'm speaking from memory eh the
issue of the photo upon entering and leaving
the whole thing doesn't sound familiar to me I imagine that they
will register that you enter the
country in some way no or by
passport or whatever  yeah but it's
true that in Thailand there
are some procedures that I don't remember
having done here or in Spain or in or
within Europe, it's never worth it, it's the
thing that they stop you, they take a picture, not the
hell one and all that nonsense, this is nothing more
than nothing, it seems to me to have done it
when I enter and
exit, tarantula, I don't, I wouldn't have
warned him and I would have even said
the name if it were up to me and I would have
provided all the complete documents. What
happens is that of course I'm talking to you about what I
would have done, what I would have liked to have
done, okay? And surely what
Triun would have done would have been
the same. What happens is that of course, yes, yes, he
had to get advice and they told him that he
has to do it this way to avoid
problems,
and look, I'm going to call him, I'm going to call him
TR, wait a moment, okay, I'm going to call him,
wait, I'm going to call him, Javi
is talking to me.
What's going on? Ah No, what's going on, ch? Well,
nothing, wait a little while, can you
hear me well, family, confirm in
the chat that you can hear well, ose, confirm me,
confirm me there that you can
hear well? Like this  that has been
completely improvised
[Music]
and let's see these people are going with a little delay
Look, they're telling you now Trium,
turn up please I mean fate you, the delay that
this has, I can hear you
perfectly well well I understand that
yes they will hear it what's going on Yes yes they
are saying yes What's going on son,
misfire no no Of course what's going on you know what's going on
here something's going on This is the beginning
of a
diligence You know that the beginning of a
diligence can continue or
not It continues Yes of course also this is private This
is internal of course then
put it that this doesn't continue you can be accused
of defamation of attack against honor
etcetera etcetera etcetera what do
lawyers advise you when you
present a document So you're going to
make it public the first thing they
advise you is to talk to the parties
involved so they can corroborate it if they
have knowledge and if not say that you're
going to publish it do you understand or don't
understand where I'm going? I warn you that I'm
going to make the document public because
legally they advise me I almost have to
do it do you understand me I think that  It is
obvious the fact of just saying
Hey I have this document, should I run it or
not? You have already put it on notice, I
mean much less what happens is that
logically if I call you to
confirm if this is false or not or if you
have knowledge of them, Well, you
are already on notice, I think, that is why I say in the
video I say, well at least I have had
the deference if they did not know it, that they have
found out that they have an
open process in Thailand, that does not
mean that I wanted to warn or not
warn the person involved,
simply that with the fact of having to
call to cover yourself like someone who
says behind their backs, do you want it or not because
this is how it is,
well, they were going to inform you in all
ways, do you understand me, okay, eh I do not know if
the entire people heard you because they
were protesting about the sound and I have
touched on a couple of things here and now it
seems that you can be heard better, but
of course, let's see a preliminary diligence.
In addition, we are practically going to be
internal. I mean, the police receive a
complaint and they are doing like an
investigation. But these papers are
internal, it says no, they have not notified me.
Of course they have not  they have to notify you they don't have to
notify you that they are
investigating you of course and this but you
know if it is internal you put that then it
has no way put
that it is not made official because it
has no way that they can accuse you of
defamation you understand what I'm saying
no well let's see if that's what
the lawyers have told him Eh yes but of course I don't see
defamation because in the end you
are not accusing him of any of these facts you
are saying that he has an
open investigation and and the Of course but
if we say the facts we put the
specific name and we put everything else then
legally I can have problems let me
explain It's not about you being
more or less aggressive I would have
loved to be able to take out the
entire document you already know I told you yesterday I
imagine like you But if you
present the document and you have a couple
of lawyers who tell you
triumph don't do it like that because you can
get into trouble Yeah man of course let's see
here a lie Yes let's see then they
can also report you And
something may happen to you or not I also tell you because
logically let's be serious  García
Montes chipi to the knife any of
them who have law firms would have no trouble
filing a complaint,
of course exactly, and then another thing is
that then another thing is that something happens to you
or that they condemn you but of course it would be
different But they give you, they give you the cognac, me
and why not What is the need for
ap, it is that there is no need, I think I
make it quite clear in the video, whatever But anyway
And in the end it is information what we are
doing is reporting something
new, that is, there are some preliminary proceedings
open or it seems to see this document
comes from the Thai police I
can confirm that but logically if the
proceedings are closed then I can't
do anything, you understand, in other words, this
document comes mixed with other
papers
as added
to some documentation that is
moving, in other words, is this real? Yes, yes, the
police document is real Well what we do
n't know here is wait, let's
see, is the document real? Ah The question
is if forward that diligence does not
continue forward, has the
police done it with a view to some option, has it
been misplaced how that is, we don't know  since that is
not known we cannot act by
saying or so we release the report
directly you understand what I'm saying
no then you know that
the source of where it comes from cannot be cited either which is something that you have to
be
very clear about and also well the third
thing let's see clearly is that you a
diligence can easily be eh They
can open a diligence against me because
you report me and say that I grabbed you
by the neck and I stepped on your head
then they open a diligence against me and
say well for assaults but then
maybe a lie Exactly right
then It's still very it's very early
no let's see clear It's good that you are
cautious what happens is that man I
wanted I wanted the ch of course We all want we
all want to have
blood and sseo here but there are things that we have to
be cautious about man in this case much
more well you know what happens is that if this
document is leaked more yes there will be someone else
who
release it Well but if someone else releases it and we
discuss it that person is the one who could
have the problem not us Of course now
that no no no no no blame no blame well well
then  Okay, well, we'll see
how this goes, man, what I can
tell you is that all the movements that have been
made, that is, speaking with the parties,
in fact, I have not called them, they
tell me, eh, send them a WhatsApp
telling them, hey, I have some documentation
in which leadership has been opened for you, do you have
proof of something? I send a
WhatsApp to the parties involved and they
call me on the phone, that is, logically,
why am I not going to pick up the phone? Well, they have
directly
sent it to you directly. You have sent them a WhatsApp
and it has been pissed off to me or send a WhatsApp to the
parties involved saying that you have this
documentation. I am legally advised to
elene that documentation in case
they want to have it because
here too, something happens, we are always accused
of not being impartial, of only
looking at one side. No, gentlemen,
the other party is also given a voice to say if
for them it is true or if for them it
is false, do you understand what I'm saying? So,
legally, I have been
advised and I send a WhatsApp to say,
you have an invasion that you are going to make
public and that  they eh say Whether they
have it or not If they have proof of it,
I send that WhatsApp and they automatically
call me by phone, of course, I mean, they have been
available, you haven't caught them
without doing
anything, basically and early, eh No, no,
but I caught them at a time when they
weren't busy, yes, and it was at 9
in the morning, I mean, I didn't know that people
got up so early in the summer, no, no, you didn't
catch it, you caught it at the
perfect time, let's do it and no, it doesn't
work out And what did he say to you on the phone, did he
tell you what the tone was like? no, no, no, no,
super nice, without any I have
been very clear, I say to this person, I
say, I personally have nothing
against anyone on a professional level, yes, it
may be on a professional level, I criticize you
live, I have no problem, you know
how I am and I am very clear and very concise and
nothing The only thing I have told him, I have this
documentation in which there is an
open diligence in your name and he
told me I have no knowledge of that, that
is probably fs and I say Where does it come from, I think it is
false, I mean, I
have proof that it is false, it is not
something else, it is whether they continue or not  follow me, I have not been
notified of anything, I say first it is from
August it is from now I do not know to what extent
This is going so fast that you are
notified of anything now but well well I am
going to inform myself at the consular level such I do not
know what I say Well you give what you
have to do I say but well And I had
your knowledge what I wanted was for
you to corroborate it if you knew it or not
and then if you want to Add that
I say something specific during my video
because I am going to make it public and he told me
yes from our part wellc it is false I
say Well well from our part I
say that it is false Beyond that but
but well I mean I was already telling you to
say that it is false without him
verifying it I give them the opportunity to
say what they want to do,
through I tell him do you want me to Say something
from your part well if you can say that it
is false it is Well I say that they have
said that it is false they have said that they are going
to verify it logically without verifying it
Of course without verifying it it is false [ __ ]
it but you had sent him the
paper even if it was
eh No  no the paper has not been sent the
paper has not been sent, that is to say they have not
even looked at the paper or translated it
or have the number or anything and on
our part not to say that it is false no
we have no proof it is false Exactly Well
more or less more or less Exactly
I don't remember the words but more or
less what I want to tell you is that
people believe that one here is soft
that one who is not Let's see is that you are you are It's
going to give you a final problem you know you
know what can happen to you I mean it's what I'm
telling you that I'm going to tell you and
here we don't confront powerful people
things as they are well enno no it's not
confronting It's that that that you can
give information that they don't
like that you give them and of course Yes but one thing
is that they don't like like the information
that we are giving when we take out the
summary and we talk about that
information I am sure that they don't
like it at all but it is true information
real confirmed contracted they cannot
do absolutely anything because it is a
written summary that already has the prosecutor's office and
the court of Sam
previous of course this is not yet  We know what the
future is going to be like, you know what I mean. Of course,
that's the problem. If this were already a
complaint, there's no problem. File the
complaint there, listen, and let it come out. What the hell?
But this is a diligence. If it
were an accusation, no, if it
were an accusation. Exactly, if it were an
accusation, that's what people have to
understand that there are differences between
some documents and other documents.
Yes, yes, of course. No, no, it's too
early.
Exactly. I have given the information,
that's why we are here to give information.
Anyone in my situation would have done the
same thing. You have that information, you
release it, right? It's logical. Well, I think
that if this reaches one of these
TV outlets, depending on what TV it is or what
press it is, they will release it and tell you, look, this
is
this, but this is not going to favor
the defense, that's what I mean. This is ok.
Simply because they are legal issues
and issues that must be treated with great
caution, there is no more. It's that if
anyone wants to take this out of context,
man, we've been dealing with this for a year. My position,
I think, is more than well known. In other words, it
's absurd to think that there is
anything hidden here or that there is absolutely
nothing of background the only thing there is is
that it is a documentation that is not an
accusation that is a preliminary diligence
which can continue or not and that we have to be
very careful Well yes Hey what
happened here in Campo that
people are putting me in the
comment box Camp I talk to him I talk
almost every day with Joaquín Campos and
and nothing apparently they sent
a letter I don't know what to La Raza I think it
was García Montes and they have fired him they have
fired that they won't let him publish anymore
today we are going to have it live with
us that that is another thing people are
saying notify the defense and now he brings
Joaquín Campo that aunt has one thing
with another that I am not defending
anyone this works like this I mean he sent
a letter to La Raza
eh as I understand it I have not
spoken with Campos live yet because
I speak tonight aj but yes Apparently
Montes called According to there not to Maruenda
and I know that he has documentation to
prove it Joaquín told me
Yeah, I mean, I'm telling you, almost every
day we share a lot of
information, I mean, this García Montes
wrote to Maruenda to
ask for my head, not a
rectification, and he has taken and
eliminated what would be the
articles digitally, not those on the
internet, and of course, I mean, it's
some information that Joaquín gave that
García Montes doesn't like. Exactly, well,
m, what's really funny is that people
think that because of what I've done, I want to be on
good terms with the other side when
I think that there's no one who has
criticized the other side like I have
criticized it, I mean, and I'll continue
that it has absolutely nothing to do with it,
but well, let's see, everyone can have their opinion,
no, well, people,
many times, I think it's
totally understandable, I would like to see all those people who hide behind a child, behind an Avatar, have to show their face in front of a microphone with their first name, last name, address, and get into trouble, ruin, for messing up
something that you can't mess up, of course,
no, you did it to cure yourself, no,
stop  Heal it has done
you know one thing has nothing to do with
the other Exactly okay King Well nothing
Thank you very much man we'll see you later at
night come on See you later Javi a big
hug bye a hug
bye Well but this one live here
Today this one this one live here today
of of visiting trium around here and everything
that midday I haven't been giving
lately some afternoons that I don't watch eh I
mean I'm the new substitute
actually I was looking for Tele5 and they couldn't
find it for the afternoon eh The bad thing
is that it catches me right That's the bad thing I wouldn't have
time to get there Well family
you know What speaking of desserts and
television I have more
information I have more information
than Give what you give I'm talking here in
inclusive stay I have more
information to give you Lili okay I'm giving you
another extract here I give you my
heart and and listen to me loud okay It
turns out that They're talking to me today eh They're
talking to me today okay You know that we've
been talking a bit not about the
negotiations with Yuji for
Tele5 to go Not that Mandarina would be
interested that Ana Rosa  keep
fighting for that exclusive no and well
Well it turns out that they told me this
morning that Ana Rosa is bringing forward her return
to August 26th I'm going to be I'm going to be on
vacation because I think
next week I'm going to go away some other
days too okay Not that many but I'll be
going away for a couple of nights again eh if
possible I'll try to get away alone with my
wife okay we'll see and and the 25th is my
birthday what are you going to give me
I'll keep leaving it I'll keep leaving it I'll keep
saying it okay so that people don't
say oh I didn't know you knew you
knew okay So start preparing the
surprise party the gift whatever you want
okay they say at Mediaset that it's just about
coinciding with the return of Soles
we'll see of course what happens Son
Soles has announced that it's coming back
before nothing happens Dark nothing happens if
something comes up I'll record a video or
whatever okay with my cell phone I'll take my
cell phone and my selfie stick okay
and it's that I have to be here on the 29th for
the sentence That's okay Son Solle has
announced  that comes back on the 26th And then
Tele5 has taken over running and they are
also moving forward to see if they can rescue this no Tele5
copies Antena 3 and moves forward the return
of Ana Rosa Quintana this time not for
political reasons okay this time the
reasons
are We are waiting for the one next door it's
true the 24th is my Alanne's and the one with the
glasses it's true it's true I didn't remember
the truth honestly how do you not come
here anymore and you don't want to do live shows
with me and and you have me like
I was a you know I didn't remember I forget
the dates I forget everything It's true do
n't forget the stick it's
essential no no Marta I have it in the
car in the car it's because I have the
telesalseo microphone and I have the
selfie stick and and I don't know the truth what else has been
in the car lately just in case something happens to me
okay eh take advantage of
Daniel Sancho's media sentence
to start a new season of tardear
and try to make up for the poor
grades this summer now he competes
fully with and now they are suns of course I
understand that the two that the two the two
programs are  back for the
Daniel Sancho topic before
no Of course of course
both of them are back for Daniel
Sancho what does it fall on the 29th, I haven't even looked at it
you on Thursday Thursday or so this
week we have it full at the gym
okay
and the 25th is my birthday
okay And next week we have a little
getaway boom and Daniel Sancho's sentence
okay So well it could be that
that interview with Yuji was being fought over here
or just a coincidence we'll see okay we'll
see and well getting back a bit and
last topic Okay and last topic of the
afternoon last topic of the afternoon I insist
please Tonight I'm going to do a live show with
Alena okay we'll comment a bit on the
latest gossip I don't really know the topics
the
truth is I don't really know the topics that I'm going to
cover the
truth is I don't know what I don't know what what topic
depends on what comes up during
the afternoon I'll see okay but at night I do
n't know what time at 10:30 to 11
around there I'll do a live show with
Lena we'll be commenting on gossip and
so on okay uh
yesterday  we were commenting here on
Primicia about
Yuji's boyfriend's girlfriend's marriage proposal and Yui tells him yes
okay with a beard you're better off Sure sure let
me cover my face no Mirna let me cover my
face no The more I cover my face I
'm better off with a beard with a cap and if
possible with sunglasses too
even better and if I'm not on camera
even better okay
Oh my
God Yes or no yes yes yes
yes Oh my God
[Music]
yes I've
also noticed that in
several you like you don't kiss each other they
do it to you like the cobr but I don't know why I don't
know
why I don't know why you don't kiss each other the
truth is I don't know what the reason is if it's because I do
n't know true I don't know if it's because of religion No I have no
idea the
truth is that we have to recognize that he is
very well preserved he seems much
younger despite everything
[Music] it
is cultural he told it yesterday chi [ __ ]
chi is becoming a gossip eh
[Laughter]
[Music]
of course the thing is that for
Seen in December, it is
proposed, I don't know what it would be called,
eh I think yesterday they
called it that it goes to the Senate, that it goes to the
Senate and they are waiting for it to be
approved, no, and the law that
allows same-sex couples to get married is confirmed,
okay, in Thailand. So it
seems that since December they have been considering
the idea of
getting married, you know what's happening?
Since the idea of ​​getting
married has been discussed, these people have started having
problems with Fran's issue, no, and all
that stuff. We must
remind you, we must remind you
that, well, when these people get married,
okay, the properties are Son's, they are
unique, they are joined together, the properties are
joined together. Okay, and we must remind you
[Music]
that we must remind you that Yuji in the
interview with El
Mundo said
that he demanded that
Fran raise her pension, that with
2500 plus 2500 for rent it was not
enough because,
eh, she has to raise her standard of
living to have the same standard of living that
she wants to lead, okay, of
course, we have come across this
publication, okay, this publication, well, it
is eh,
a
car, a gift of a car that they give
each other.
they're
worth a good
car a good car look with the
red bow and everything eh what a gift eh what a
gift
eh what a gift eh buddy
this car it's about this model eh
43,000
tracatra Trac
back mother of my life
eh mother of my life good car they
bought clear let's see here what I'm saying
is when I saw this I say Well
but if Yuji in the
interview said that he was dedicated to
eh having a project that he had many
projects and his girlfriend was
studying what a great car Fran bought
There goes the savannah of the sanctuary No no it's that
this is from before it's that this look
Axel found a
Facebook post okay And he says new life now
being with my greatest love
new car what I want more in life I mean
Yuji gives this car to his girlfriend I
love you little sister you're always very
supportive my goodness what a good car
Yuji gave her man But how do you
buy a car I mean how do you give a
car man to a partner that you've been with for
a year I mean how do you get along  How do you give a
car
uncle mother of love beautiful uncle What a nice
car Yuji has given to his partner
man this is a lot of cloth I mean you are
demanding your partner
your ex you are demanding that he raise your
pension because you don't have enough with
2500 and 2500 of the
rent because you need to raise your standard
of living and you have given this car to
your
partner that the last hours as I
say certain photos have come out that
people are commenting on and that seem to
bother Mr.
Fran excessively these photos that I am
showing you here and it is that in her
social networks Cris Corn publishes new life
now being like with my eh greatest
love or the love of my life let's say
with a new car she says I want more in my
life now that it is totally
incredible and full of joy and happiness
100% well This is
obviously translated and you can see that Thai
is very complicated even for the
usual translators and such says eh
Thank you to my sister for always being very
supportive and always together eh by my
side all the time I love you eh  Little sister, I'm
not going to tag you so you can see
for yourself I love you, well
obviously speaking of Yuji who is the one
in the photos with him or her here
we have it next to a car, a Toyota that
looks new it looks like a pretty
good car and these cars currently
cost a lot of money eh I don't know how much
but I suppose some really good ones in
Thailand I suppose it will be worth less here
in Spain eh this car would cost around
38,000 40,000 more or less no I don't know
honestly no yes but come on even if it costs let's
go no there in Thailand we've already
seen what it costs we have it here it's
worth it in dollars it's 43,000 which would
be more or less the same in euros and
40,000 yes 41 40 and so you know, I mean but
even if it cost 15 Even if it cost 15 you do
n't know exactly what car it is but it looks like
it's a sub it looks eh a good
new car so I imagine that it will be around
that price in Thailand the truth is that I
don't know if anyone can tell me  say
if you live around there and know how much
How much this type of car can cost
even so Fran cuesta has talked about this uh he
has talked about this in an interview
that we are going to of course it is normal that
Fran has a moment in which he cuts
the feed no how do
you see it it is not normal that there is a moment
in which Fran says listen let's cut let's
cut here the roll here
the Faucet is over no of course because it is no longer
her standard of living or whatever she
had uncle who ate the thing about the
safe according to Fran 170,000 turkeys that he
gave her that Fran showed the
movements okay telling her Oh it's that I have
expenses let's see now uh just
finishing these photos with the car that
had not come out for the moment and it seems
that they have leaked because
Cris Corn himself would have uploaded this uh
different things that have been happening with
this new partner of Yuji for a
year It seems that Fran cuesta did not
like them at all and
that rumor has already started that has ended in
the story having unleashed
right now what we are seeing and this
intra-family conflict  tremendous This is
the account or social network of Chris
Corn from which
many things are coming out many videos Like
for example this is also that
really they Well they are constantly
uploading videos tiktok is a bit of what they
are doing absolutely all the
time let's give it to him here we are going to
get the truth about
Yuji's arrest but in this case talking about the issue
of the car what happened there that
everything is mixed up that he has it here all
the lgbt feminism
the bismo where they tell you Jack horse and
King money didn't give you money boom
domestic violence girl you are an
alcoholic you are a drug addict and those of us who
have suffered are your children and I
inside a house and paying for all your
[ __ ] and paying all the [ __ ]
that was produced out there So
where is the next thing is the
next thing is going to say I don't know that I
hit my children it's not worth it This
is the part that we had seen that
well Frank here was getting heated he said that you are
an alcoholic you are a
drug addict we have paid for your children
your family has paid for and right after
all this begins  here to talk about
certain things that we hadn't seen
for the moment not the subject of that
new partner of Yui I hope it doesn't
screw you with whoever it is the neighbor is that
I have one that [ __ ] is that I should have
[ __ ] everything I could that is
an accusation single no
but what it is that it doesn't matter Even if I
were married and
in love that I fy someone okay it doesn't
mean that she has to come out and
say I have not been
happy they have treated me they have made me
small every
time they didn't give me money let's see I'm going to
look for this part in the
interview
tutú What's
up it has a million views the
interview today
eh 45000
likes We are looking for it if you haven't
seen the interview okay you have it on the
main channel complete so that so that you can
see it and let's see where
Fran talks about this that he had with that he had
knowledge of this about the
car
look everything goes that horse and King Javi
okay from here to that I hate the other
because he is trans no the other I don't hate him
because I don't know him he seems like an
idiot or an idiot who pretends to be a chef and
is doing a  pastry course that
I probably paid for because he's a
starving man or woman who does
n't have a [ __ ] penny because
Yuji paid for the car they bought.
Well, I paid for it
and they bought a car. Uncle Yi
bought a car for his partner. They bought a
new car. They have a new car.
Well, if he has a new car, it must be
because they bought it with money
bought 3 or 4 months ago. Well,
look. So what do you want me to tell you? I don't care
if he's as rich as he says he's
such a good family. The car is good,
at least I don't
understand cars. I don't know what it costs, but it must cost a
million B, 25,000 euros. I don't know what it
costs. But the fact is that if you
're with a
partner, what kind of man or trans man
or woman who wants to appear like a man, eh,
receives money from her
ex-husband, that I take care of her, how do you
take care of her, driving her, going all out today
with my daughter to take some
pictures and put on Instagram like you're
the perfect couple and take care of her  girl
When was the last time you cooked
at home and sat down to dinner
never When my daughter comes home from wherever
and the house is dark and there is no
one there
tremendous tremendous tremendous tremendous tremendous
Okay family I'm leaving because I'm
going to the gin for a little while okay
And then at night we'll see
Alena Look,
Alena is over there Look, Alena is over there then we'll
see each other at night around 10:30
and we'll see what's going on because I don't know what's going on I do
n't know what's going on it's
the thing for her eh we're moving
here we all have but
guys they're sending me something
nice see each other see each other see each other
later A kiss